Add an age section to sops guide (#649)
fluxcd/website: content/en/docs/guides/mozilla-sops.md

secret metadata, kind or apiVersion is not supported by kustomize-controller.
{{% /alert %}}

> ## Encrypting secrets using PGP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Encrypting secrets using OpenPGP
```

Note that you shouldn't apply the encrypted secrets onto the cluster with kubectl. SOPS encrypted secrets are designed to be consumed by kustomize-controller.
{{% /alert %}}

## Encrypting secrets using age

> age is a simple, modern alternative to OpenPGP. It's recommended to use age over PGP, if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[age](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age) is a simple, modern alternative to OpenPGP. It's recommended to use age over OpenPGP, if possible.
```

> Encrypting with age follows the same workflow than PGP. See the [Kustomization-controller API doc](https://github.com/fluxcd/kustomize-controller/blob/main/docs/spec/v1beta2/kustomization.md#age) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Encrypting with age follows the same workflow than PGP. See the [Kustomization-controller API doc](/docs/components/kustomize/kustomization/#age) for more details.
```

Should we maybe link to the same doc within the website instead?

Author: Does this works? what I see in `../components/kustomize/_index.md` is a link to the controller docs.

Reviewer: Change it like Daniel suggest then check if it works in the preview website that netlify creates.

Author: great! 😊
